Maps deprecation message (#1840)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/location-sensors/maps.md

# Maps and Maps Service

> (This module has been deprecated since Tizen 8.0)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!NOTE]
All maps-service APIs have been deprecated since Tizen 8.0 and will be removed after two releases without any alternatives.
```

> [!NOTE]
> All maps-service APIs have been deprecated since Tizen 8.0 and will be removed after two releases without any alternatives.

Reviewer: Sorry, I have forgotten to add the sign before the note section. Also there should be a space between the note and the description line.
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> All maps-service APIs have been deprecated since Tizen 8.0 and will be removed after two releases without any alternatives.

```
